all right let's try let's do something a
little different today feel like all of
my so many of my videos are very
together so I thought what about if I
did that steel mess-up match on Monday
mess-up what if I did SEO mashup Monday
as soon as I got up in the morning so I
am barely awake Brendon this is SEO
mashup Monday you're watching a hundred
days of SEO okay so I okay so I look
insane but at least I have my coffee
brought to you
rock you buy flywheel something so Low
Energy
this is so bad flywheel sponsoring this
episode it's who I used to host all my
most important WordPress websites if
you're new here I'm bread and Hufford
I'm sorry this is the first video that
you're seeing SEO mesh of Monday it's
just a quick 60 second SEO news show it
we put out everyone is part of a hundred
days of SEO and I made a face that made
it look like it wasn't good but this is
really good focus let's get into it
first piece of news first article on to
talk about today there's a great article
by Andrew over it optimizing about why
free SEO audit tools suck that caused
more problems that caused more confusion
than they are helpful get a professional
to do an audit for you and of course
read this article like every other
article and I mentioned the show today
links are in the description below I
also want to mention here's the cool
thing about SEO stuff is you can find
helpful articles that aren't even new
you don't always need the newest and
most current stuff like this article
branders from 2017 I still thought it
was great next up is a really cool
article by Giselle Navarro about how to
get links when that your your brand or
one of your clients brands is mentioned
in a big news media publication it's
something Gisele got asked about a lot
so she decided to write about it I feel
like I got all the time about the
animals blog but there was a great
article also by Jimmy daily over there
about using 8 different content creation
that come in lanes to inform an overall
strategy
everything I read in the animals blog
it's kind of like when I used to read
the intercom blog all the time like it's
always gold it's always good and it's
always really helpful and if you're like
me you're gonna have 20 more tabs open
after reading it but it's definitely
worth a read it's definitely worth
reading what they link to to dive into
the specifics of these eight different
content creation lanes as well if you're
doing a lot of link outreach this is a
great article by Vince
Nero about how to qualify sites for link
outreach and then finally John WD Pheo
wrote a great article about SEO for web
engineers this is the article I wish I
wrote it's gonna be the basis for me the
basis kind of kick off point for
training all of my devs all of my
engineers at click studios on SEO of
things that I might think or I might
have not noticed my blind spots I
learned a ton it's really just a bullet
point list but it's so so helpful so if
you're a dev or you have a dev in your
life that you love and you want them to
learn a little more about SEO this is
worth checking out
alright I'm Brendan Hufford I've been
Brendan Hufford he's my flywheel coffee
don't forget to check out 100 days of
SEO join our free 30 day SEO challenge
create some amazing content learn how to
do outreach the proper way in just 30
days you can do that at 100 days of
seo.com I have progressively woken up
over the last minute I should do these
this is almost better than doing a cold
shower
I've been running over and over get to
work hard be nice people and don't get
too lost trying to create something that
matters Cheers
[Music]